this is the coolest alien case for the
iphone 4 and a retails for 3495 coulis
is a fairly new company out there they
offer a few different cases for your
iDevices this one in particular is
probably going to be their most known
case out there just looking at the
packaging and looks really nice and for
a fairly new company that's pretty
awesome and it looks very professional
this is actually a two-piece type case
which included TPU tpe material in a
hard shell clip on so when you get in
the package is a screen protector the
squeegee in a really nice microfiber
cloth personally I really don't like
their squeegee but no well now like I
said before this is made of a TPU tpe
type material and it is very hard it's
not one of those cheap knockoff from
China it's really durable and the volume
buttons are fairly nice now they call
this the ailing case because of the
design that they put into this case the
bumps of the TPU material and the hard
shell match is real nice to show up the
alien ish look of the case now I also
want to mention that this does provide a
pretty good amount of liam table design
it's not that little not too big which
is perfectly fine and now I'm going to
show you a little demonstration on how
to put the case on and all that good
stuff
and if you listen closely when I put the
phone down you would have heard the
noise that it was actually pretty hard
it's not one of those regular TPU case
that automatically stretches out this
one is pretty durable which will give
you enough shock protection and all that
good stuff in the camera hole it does
have that black ring around it so you
won't get any flash back issues and so
that's it for this video guys thanks for
watching I hope you guys liked the video
and I do appreciate all the continued
support that you guys offer I really
appreciate it and if you guys haven't
see my last two videos make sure to go
check that out as well like comment and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next video overall